Are You Luke? Cause I’m Your Daddy
⚾ Sorry I hit my Ball into Your Dms
Are you african? because you are a’frican babe
Are you Franklin D Roosevelt because damn baby you a dime
Your mom must be chicken cause you look eggcellent!
Are you sure you’re not a parking ticket? Because you’ve got fine written all over you
I’m going to have to ask you to leave. You’re making the other girls look bad.
8 Planets, 1 Universe, 1.735 billion people, and i end up with you
Are your eyes ike? Because i’m lost in them!
Call me shrek because i’m head ogre heels for you!
Do you have an inhaler? Because you took my breath away!
Do you have 11 protons? Because you’re sodium fine!
You know what’s on the menu? ME-N-U
If you were a flower you’d be a damnnndelion
My doctor says i’m lacking Vitamin U
Are you an omelette? Because you’re making me eggcited.
Are you a tower? Because eiffel for you!
Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest
Are you the square root of -1 because you can’t be real
I know you’re busy today but can you add me to your to-do list?
Are you from mexico because i think you’re the juan for me!
Are you related to yoda because yodalicious!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning? Because you are glowing!
Are u a sea lion? Because I want to sea u lion in my bed later!
Do you like sleeping? [Yeah] Cool, we should do it together sometime!
Is your face Mcdonalds? Cause im lovin it!
You look ill. You must be suffering form a lack of Vitamin ME.
Roses are red, violets are blue (touch her gently) I have herpes, and now you too.
Girl you so hot, if you had to enter Antarctica you’d cause a melt down.
Are you a Disney princess? Cause you’re cinderHella fine!
You like maths? Cause I want to ADD to you my life, SUBTRACT your clothes, DIVIDE your legs and MULTIPLY ourselves.
Girl, are those space pants? Cause your butt is out of this world!
You remind me of an overdue library book, cause you got Fine written all over you.
Are you harembes enclosure? Cause i’ll drop a kid inside of you!
Kanye feel the love tonight?
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
Are you from Japan? Cause I’m tryna get in Japanties.
Is your name Daniel? Cause DAMN!
Is your dad retarded? Because you’re special
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
Didn’t You Wear That Yesterday?
Damn Girl is your name Wifi ? Because I’m feeling a connection!
You are almost as hot as my mom.
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
Your Face [Pause] I like that shit!
You look exactly like my future ex-wife.
I know where they give out free drinks. [Where?] My House!
You’d be so much more cute if you had my money. [whatever she replies] Sorry I don’t date gold diggers!
I just wanna let you know how beautiful you are and was wondering if you could buy me a drink?
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
She: I’m in a relationship | You: Let’s talk about how we can get you out of that.
My mom thinks I`m gay, can you help me prove her wrong?
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
You are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Damn Girl, your ass is bigger than my future!
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Go between two black girls and say “Let’s make an Orio!”
Are you religios? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.
I’m in a Boyband called Wrong Direction.
Your body is 75% water, and I’m thirsty.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.
You’re like my own personal brand of heroin.
Your place or mine? Tell you what? I’ll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.
You make me wish I weren’t gay!
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
You MUST have a nice personality.
You say, “So, did you here the one about the guy and the girl who had the most sexual relationship?” The reply, “No”. You respond, “Well then, let’s go to my place and I’ll tell you all about it.”
You should stop drinking! (Why?) Because you are driving me home.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material.
You might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.
Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa?
What is your favorite color? [Color] Mine too! Seems like we are soulmates.
What size shoe you wear babygirl? I’m gonna guess size sexy!
What’s that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it’s not coming off!
What’s the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don’t have a Ferrari.
Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the ‘d’ cause you’ll get that later!
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren!
Want to play lion? (She asks, “What’s that?”) That’s where you get down on all fours and growl like a lion while I feed you the meat!
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
The only thing your eyes haven’t told me is your name.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, “Particularly nice weather.”
WAIT, don’t drink that. Don’t you know that makes your chest grow to twice its normal size? Oh, I’m sorry. I guess it’s too late.
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
So, come back to my place, and if you don’t like it I swear I’ll give you a full refund.
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Can you tell me how my cum tastes?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need.
Our break-up is worse than traffic in NY. I cant move-on!
Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa?
What is your favorite color? [Color] Mine too! Seems like we are soulmates.
What size shoe you wear babygirl? I’m gonna guess size sexy!
What’s that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it’s not coming off!
What’s the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don’t have a Ferrari.
Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the ‘d’ cause you’ll get that later!
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren!
Want to play lion? (She asks, “What’s that?”) That’s where you get down on all fours and growl like a lion while I feed you the meat!
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
The only thing your eyes haven’t told me is your name.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, “Particularly nice weather.”
WAIT, don’t drink that. Don’t you know that makes your chest grow to twice its normal size? Oh, I’m sorry. I guess it’s too late.
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
So, come back to my place, and if you don’t like it I swear I’ll give you a full refund.
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Can you tell me how my cum tastes?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need.
Our break-up is worse than traffic in NY. I cant move-on!
Hey… somebody farted. Let’s get out of here.
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Hi, I’m gay. Do you think you can convert me?
Hi, sorry I don’t have an opening line but since you have an opening and I have a line. . .
Hey baby. Why don’t you come sit on my lap and we can talk about the first thing that pops up?
Hey so you want to see some magic? You and I will go to your place have sex and I’ll disappear in the morning.
Hey baby you’re so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what’s your name?
Hey Baby, you want to come to my house and work on your math skills? We can add the bed, subtract the cloths, divide the legs and multiply!
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
He: Would you sleep with me for 20 million dollars? She (sheepishly):
Here’s $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
Excuse me, I’ve seem to have lost my virginity, can I have yours?
Excuse me. I’m from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I’m going to have to ask you to assume the position.
F**k me if I am wrong, but haven’t we met before?
Fuck me if I am wrong, but you want to screw me, don’t you?
Fuck me if i’m wrong but isn’t your name Gretchen?.
Fuck me if I’m wrong, but don’t you want to kiss me?
Excuse me, I’m a little short on cash, would you mind if we shared a cab home together?
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
Don’t you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? (Yes.) In that case, mind if I check your oil level?
Excuse me,
Hey. My friends wanted me to come over here and ask you if they were fake. Can I sqeeze them to find out?
If I washed my dick, would you suck it? (No.) Oh, so you like to suck dirty dicks
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
